Arrays/spec.md, before:

# Get
```
/get
[V]: a 1D vector, [I]: index
[1] — [V]@[I]
```
> Getting an element from a `1D vector` is like having a garage door opener that can target any garage on your street. `[V]`  is the street of houses, `[I]` is the address. Click the opener tuned to address `[I]`, and its contents will be revealed.
# Obverse
```
/obverse
[V]: a 1D vector
[1] — [L]: length of [V]
[^] Establishes a forward-bound
[2] — [I]: index = 0
[^] A position index; Allowing us to obversely scan [V]
[3] While [I] < [L]
[^] — As long as [I] is less than [L] do the following 
	[!] — Element `[V]@[I]`
	[^] Log the element at index [I] in [V]
	[1] — [I] += 1
	[^] Advance index for the next iteration
```
> An obverse scan is like going down a one-way street. Opening and Closing each house's garage to see what's inside. You might be asking, why start at the beginning of the street? Good question, because obverse can be generalized to start and end anywhere (so long as the start is less than the end)
<!-- TODO: Generalize obverse to scan forward from any start and any end greater than start -->
# Reverse
<!-- ```
/reverse
[V]: a vector
[1] — [L]: an end point = 0
[^] Establishes lower-bound
[2] — [I]: index = length of [V] - 1
[^] A position index; Allowing us to obversely scan [V]
[3] — While [I] < [L]
[^] — As long as [I] is less than [L] do the following 
	[!] — Element `[V]@[I]`
	[^] Log the element at index [I] in [V]
	[1] — [P] += 1
	[^] Advance [P] for the next iteration
``` -->

# Traverse

Commit message:

Renamed Get to Acces Updated cooldown on /access and /obverse

Arrays/spec.md, after:

# Access
```
/access
[V]: a 1D vector, [I]: index
[1] — [V]@[I]
[^] Access the element in [V] that [I] points to
```
> Accessing an element from a `1D vector` is like having a garage door opener that can target any garage on your street. `[V]`  is the street of houses, `[I]` is the address. Click the opener tuned to address `[I]`, and its contents will be revealed.
> 
> Technically,`[V]` takes up a string of addresses in memory/disk. `[I]` points to one of those addresses. So you're requesting a piece of `[V]`, which one? The piece at `[I]`.
# Obverse
```
/obverse
[V]: a 1D vector
[1] — [L]: length of [V]
[^] Establishes a forward-bound
[2] — [I]: index = 0
[^] A position index; Allowing us to obversely scan [V]
[3] While [I] < [L]
[^] — As long as [I] is less than [L] do the following 
	[!] — Element `access[ [V], [I] ]`
	[^] Log the element at index [I] in [V]
	[1] — [I] += 1
	[^] Advance index for the next iteration
```
> An obverse scan is like going down a one-way street. Opening and Closing each house's garage to see what's inside.
>
> Techincally, we're advancing the pointer `[I]` to access the piece at the next address. The `While` loop helps us manage that iteration. Terminating the advancement when `[I]` is equal to `[L]`, the length of the array. 
> 
> An array can start at index 0 or 1, in this case 0. So the first element is at 0, and the last element is at `[L]` - 1. On a street of 5 houses: the first home would be house #0, and the last home would be house #4.
> 
> Since `[I]` is a pointer, and `[L]` establishes the boundary of the pointer, why start at the beginning of the street? Good question, `obverse` can be generalized to start and end anywhere (so long as the `[I]`: *the start*, is less than `[L]`: *the end*).
<!-- TODO: Generalize obverse to scan forward from any start and any end greater than start -->
# Reverse
<!-- ```
/reverse
[V]: a vector
[1] — [L]: an end point = 0
[^] Establishes lower-bound
[2] — [I]: index = length of [V] - 1
[^] A position index; Allowing us to obversely scan [V]
[3] — While [I] < [L]
[^] — As long as [I] is less than [L] do the following 
	[!] — Element `[V]@[I]`
	[^] Log the element at index [I] in [V]
	[1] — [P] += 1
	[^] Advance [P] for the next iteration
``` -->

# Traverse
